Update Documentation Glossary_3108 (#276)
KILTprotocol/docs: docs/concepts/09_glossary.md

## W3C: Self-Sovereign Identity (SSI)

> **Decentralized Identifier (DID)** – a unique digital identifier for entities (people, machines, services and anything that identities can be built on) which can be anc–hored to a blockchain to provide the core of a verifiable digital identity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Decentralized Identifier (DID)** – a unique digital identifier for entities (people, machines, services, and anything that identities can be built on) which can be anchored to a blockchain to provide the core of a verifiable digital identity.
```

**Self-Sovereign Identity (SSI)** - a decentralized digital identity management system that enables individuals to own and control their identity information using secure digital technologies, such as blockchain.
SSI eliminates the need for intermediaries and provides individuals with greater privacy, security, and control over their personal data.
It is an emerging concept that has the potential to transform how identity is managed and verified across various sectors.

**Verifiable Credentials (VCs)** - digital credentials that can be used to prove claims about a person, organization, or thing, and are designed to be portable, interoperable, and privacy-preserving.
Verifiable credentials are often associated with DIDs and can be stored and managed using a DID-based identity system.

## KILT Protocol Specific Terms

**Attestation** -the act of formally confirming and certifying the validity of the data within a claim, typically performed by a trusted Attester.

**Attester** - a trusted entity or organization that attests claims and issues credentials on the KILT Protocol.

> The Attester confirms e truth of the claim requested based on the information presented by the Claimer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Attester confirms the truth of the claim requested based on the information presented by the Claimer.
```
